let's get miss novak's tickets ready
she may be stopping by this afternoon oh
paul are you okay no
i feel awful what's wrong i've got this
horrible cold
i'm sneezing and my back is killing me
i've got this pain at my hip
my neck's been bothering me all day
and i have a stomachache you may have to
go see a doctor
no i hate doctors i wonder what could be
wrong
maybe he's allergic to work i'm not
kidding here i'm in pain i used to want
to be a doctor you know
say ah
now i remember why i didn't become a
doctor oh paul
you really must get some medical help a
little acupuncture might help you feel
better
anderson is meeting mr evans downstairs
in the cafe
should we ask her to come up she may be
able to help
great idea i'll go get her
you might prefer an herbal remedy
how long have you been feeling this way
oh i got the cold last night
and the pain in my back started this
morning want to try a little spiritual
healing
you're making me laugh a laughter is the
best medicine you know
but it hurts
say ah
cover your face doc
well you have a cold that's for sure
what about the other stuff the pain in
the back and the side
well have you taken any medications
lately
just some over-the-counter stuff
pain killer cold tablets
nasal spray that sounds okay and some
cough medicine vitamins and acid
that's a lot of medicine and some
decongestant
that's too much medicine in one day that
must be why you're feeling so bad
have you been around anyone else who's
sick
my friend donna's had a cold all week we
lifted weights
last night for about an hour ran five
miles
he had to walk the last mile is that
your usual exercise routine
yep i started it yesterday
well that explains it you exercised too
much
that's all that's all a little
chiropractic treatment might help you
stay away from
[Music]
marie can i have that information for mr
rashid's group he'll be here in a few
minutes
i'm working as fast as i can
mr evans will be with you very soon
that's fine
a little early aren't i just a few
minutes
is your last name pronounced lepage
it's le page actually
oh that's beautiful thank you
now is it ms lepage
or mrs lerpage um
it's miz but you can call me by my first
name
do you mind if i call you ms lepage i
love the way it sounds that's fine
i'm keeping you from your work aren't i
i'm sorry i'd love to talk but i
really have to get this done right away
i understand
you're not from here are you
excuse me your accent you come from
france don't you
yes paris actually
that's nice
it sure is a beautiful day isn't it
can i have that information i'm not
quite done
what's taking so long
[Music]
mrs beatty i can take you to mr evan's
office he'll be here shortly
why thank you
beautiful day isn't it yes it is
paul we have our first group from india
coming next week
since mr rasheed has traveled to india
many times i've asked him to talk to you
about etiquette in india
mr rasheed paul why don't you greet me
as if i were an indian tourist
ask me to come with you and show me to
the tour bus
okay hi there i'm paul if i were an
indian woman
you would have just insulted me women
and men generally do not touch
okay hi there you just told me to go
away
oh i'm sorry oh too close you should
stand this far away from someone
instead of shaking hands do this and say
namaste namaste excellent
now tell me to come with you to the tour
bus okay come with me
this is a rude gesture in india do it
like this
come with me good to the bus over there
i know i just insulted you
pointing with your fingers is considered
in for light use your chin instead
to the bus over there i'm never going to
get this
you're doing wonderfully thank you oh
too close
now about the travel documents for the
australian group we've had everything
mailed to them right
mr evans we gave you the package of
travel documents
to give to mr wells the other night at
dinner before he flew home to sydney
a white envelope about this big yes
i gave it to mr rasheed before he left
for lebanon oh
mr wells needs those documents the day
after tomorrow
his group is flying in on on thursday
i'll call the courier
if they can pick up a package by 5 p.m
we should be okay
that gives us an hour i'll reprint the
tour information but what about the
travel guides i
can't print 25 copies that fast i'll
call copies to go and have
them reprint the travel guides they
can't do a rest job
call harpers instead they're faster and
much more reliable
hello national express i need to get a
package to australia
asap if harpers can't make the color
copies that fast we'll take black and
white
bob are you reprinting the tickets yep
hello i need to get 25 color documents
printed right away
yes it's very much a hurry who are you
calling mr evans
was that oh my tailor
your tailor these sleeves are too long
they're driving me crazy
thank you everyone for fixing my mistake
with mr wells
now i've asked cheryl to plan a party
for his group next friday
and i'd like for everyone to help cheryl
do you have a plan
yes i do marie i'd like to have
you choose the restaurant for the party
i'd love to
bob i'll let you choose the menu you
will
paul could you plan the music yes
good now marie i called 10 restaurants
and had them give us a prize for a party
room
these two have the best prices
the green room is a nice restaurant
great
that's my favorite too now bob about the
food
i was thinking steak and potatoes the
client asked for fish or chicken
so i had the restaurant put together a
menu with each
which do you like better i like
chicken more than fish i guess great
chicken it is now paul let me guess
you have a list of music choices
these look fine great
i think we're all done you see how easy
it is to plan something
when we do it all together oh
glad we could help
another wonderful dinner cheryl thank
you
you're welcome i really enjoy cooking
actually when i was young i thought i
was going to be a chef
you could be a chef these cookies are
fantastic
why didn't you become a chef my mother
talked me out of it
she thought i would always have to work
at night
she was afraid i would never meet a man
and get married
she was probably right if you were a
chef you wouldn't have met bob
how do you know before he met you bob
only ate fast
food it's true
your mother must have been very happy
when you and bob got engaged
she was hey
you'll never guess what bob was going to
be
cheryl a rock musician
a basketball player no
bob was going to be a dancer
he was actually in the state ballet when
he was young
no kidding you never told me this
i could have been a great dancer what
made you
change your mind the diet was too hard
i had to stop eating everything
chocolate cake
fried chicken potato chips i tried
i might have been able to do it but then
they said
no more bread and butter bread and
butter can you believe it and that was
the end
wow bob i never knew
do you enjoy watching ballet at all i
can't
i'd like to but as soon as the music
starts i get very
very
hungry
what about you mr evans what did you
think you were going to be when you were
younger
i tell you will you try not to laugh of
course
i always thought i would have my own
television program
to talk about etiquette
i didn't know you were so interested in
etiquette i have always loved etiquette
i think i would have made a great
television etiquette teacher
well i think you could still do it
it's perfect for you really
why well
you're very polite for one thing
you always know which fork to use at a
restaurant
that's a real talent you taught me a lot
about the customs of other cultures
maybe i could still give it a try
today's topic dinner conversation
if your international guests look
offended
and are leaving the table early you've
probably chosen a topic
that's taboo in their home country
find out what's acceptable what's not
coming up on international
etiquette with evans
what do you think wow
amazing
unforgettable you have a real
talent
i don't know
i didn't know that planning a wedding
would be so hard
marie could you give us your opinion on
a few things
i'd love to first how many people should
we invite
bob wants a small wedding 20 guests
would be
nice i want a large wedding
about 300 people 300
yesterday you said 200 i have a lot of
relatives who want to come
then there's the location i always
thought i'd get married in a park
or at the beach that's so romantic
i would like to get married indoors
where i won't get wet if it's raining
that makes sense i prefer
traditional music in the ceremony
contemporary
music i'd like a long ceremony and a
short reception i want a short ceremony
and a huge celebration afterwards
and i want a chocolate cake i know how
we ever gonna agree on this
don't hurt yourself here's an idea that
might work
plan a wedding that's big enough to
include all of cheryl's family sorry bob
in the park on oak street that has that
building
where you can go if it rains you can
have
traditional music in the ceremony and
contemporary music at the party
and you could have two cakes at the
reception one white
and one chocolate
sounds okay to me me too
hey we did it oh yeah i'm
so happy excuse me
oh marie thank you so much you're
amazing we couldn't have done it without
[Laughter]
you
[Music]
hi lunchtime is over are you coming up
to the office
i'm too tired to go back to the office
planning a wedding is
hard work i need a holiday
let's make today a holiday we'll tell mr
evans we can't come back to work that's
a great idea
what are we celebrating you're getting
married
how about national wedding day what
happens on
national wedding day i don't know
why am i the one who has to think about
it
why don't we make it national singles
day instead
all the married people give gifts to
their single friends
no buying gifts is hard work
i want to enjoy myself on our new
holiday
what about a red day
everybody wears red clothes and there's
dancing in the street
that goes on all night how about
national
buy your friend another cup of coffee
nice try
how about national on time day
what happens on national on time day
you remind one another to come back to
work
on time
happy holiday
waitress
so mrs beatty you're looking for an
exciting place for your next vacation
i usually travel to major cities in
europe but this time i want to go
someplace different
someplace away from the city as long as
it's safe
let's see ah how about
california the big sur area is
spectacular
california has lots of earthquakes
doesn't it
well they have earthquakes occasionally
but not very often
but it does have earthquakes yes
i'm not going okay
how about some place in asia a beach in
thailand
kochang has beautiful beaches and it's
very quiet there
a quiet beach sounds nice
but they said on the news there's a
monsoon in thailand
but the monsoon will be over by the time
you go
what else can you recommend
australia the australian outback
is amazing i've heard they have
tornadoes in australia
some parks where else
jamaica hurricanes
south africa floods
hawaii landslides you know a lot about
natural disasters don't you mrs baby
let's see
[Music]
what about finland
finland it's wild beautiful
and very different from other parts of
europe and nothing bad
ever happens in finland finland sounds
good
i'll go to finland great i'll book your
tickets
okay i just booked your tickets to
helsinki finland
you'll be staying at the palace hotel
that's great
excuse me mr evans yes marie mr woods is
on the phone
he told me to tell you it's urgent
urgent
he's traveling you know yes he said
there's some kind of epidemic
what kind of epidemic it sounds like
it's that new influenza
but he was vaccinated for that before he
left i know
but he told me to tell you that he wants
to fly home today
on the internet it says only three
people are sick that is not an epidemic
and it's not like anybody's dying from
this flu
he said he didn't want to be the first
where is he traveling may i ask he's in
finland
finland i just booked tickets to finland
mrs beatty everything will be fine
you'll get vaccinated and you'll have
nothing to worry about
i'm not going to finland you told me
nothing bad ever happens in finland
mrs beatty i can't think of anywhere in
the world you can go and be completely
safe right here in the city you could go
outside and get hit by a bus
but you can't let that stop you from
doing the things you want to do look
why don't we go to lunch and we'll talk
it over
i don't think she's going anywhere
[Laughter]
first green tea green tea
two iced iced tea
iced tea milk tea
milk milk tea this one
mint minty minty
this one herbal herbal tea
herbal tea american english and british
english we always say
herbal herbal but in american english
sometimes people say herbal
not aged herbal herbal okay
herbal tea that means tea made from
herb herb is the kind of plant that we
use their
leaves their flowers or sometimes their
seeds to
flavored food or to use in medicine
okay so herbal now jasmine
jasmine jasmine is a kind of flower
white or yellow
and have very sweet sweet
very sweet flavor okay just me
just me this one
black coffee oh sorry this is
coffee black coffee
like coffee
this one flat white coffee
flat white coffee black coffee that
means we just use coffee
and sugar okay black
coffee and for flat white coffee
that means we use we mix coffee and
hot milk together that is called flat
white flat white coffee for
cappuccino cappuccino is a kind of
coffee that we make with
hot frosting milk and sometimes we put
a little chocolate powder on the top
frothy frothy milk is a kind of
milk that we made a lot of
small bubbles on the top okay small
bubbles
frothy milk cappuccino
cappuccino for
juice juice we have many kind of juice
right so and today i just introduced
five types of now apple
apple juice apple juice
tomato juice tomato juice
are tomato tubes for american english
and for british english people say
tomato
tomato okay tomato tomato the same
pineapple pineapple
strawberry strawberry strawberry for
american english for british english
people say
strawberry strawberry okay
now one more time tea green tea
green tea iced tea
iced tea milk tea milk tea
minty minty herbal tea
herbert tea jasmine jasmine tea
coffee coffee black coffee oh sorry for
coffee i remember american english we
say
long or coffee coffee and for
uh british english people say short or
coffee coffee okay black coffee
black coffee flat white coffee
flat white coffee cappuccino
cappuccino juice
apple juice orange juice orange juice
tomato juice pineapple juice strawberry
juice
let's go to some questions and answer
would you like something to drink would
you like something to drink that means
they do want anything to drink
would you like something to drink yes i
like you can say i like or i
i like i pause a little bit i
like i like i like a cup pup
a cup up and then you link them together
like a cuppa
yes i like a cup of mint tea no
thanks no thanks
do you prefer do you prefer tea or
coffee do you prefer tea or coffee
i guess that means i think okay i guess
i prefer tea oh sorry i prefer
coffee i guess i prefer coffee
do you prefer tea or coffee i guess i
prefer
coffee okay number three what's your
favorite kind of juice
what's your favorite kind of juice i
love pineapple juice i love pineapples